the things that systemically, continue to break my heart and anger me are not the things that similarly affect your heart or worldview. how you and your husband raised me, as well as my very being pushed me to be inquisitive and a wanting to understand the world and how i operate within it. my mind, never inactive, always questioning, always learning has lead me to much self-discovery and much deeper understanding of the how and why of the world and the how and why of the worldview that you and your husband indoctrinated me into. i have found that through personal experience, talking to others outside my contexts advocating for change, and irrefutable data that the ideologies i was raised in are empircally false. i went to college in one of the best spaces to reinforce your worldview upon me, but it didn't do that. i convincd myself for too long that all my experiences were evidence that the way things "should work out" were yet to come. i wanted to believe that how you raised me is the way, because i know you want the best for me.
i have much evidence to show that america is evil, the spreading of christianity/freedom from the 13th through the 21st century is justification for imperialism/colonialsim, and capitalism, patriarchy, and white-supremacy are (passively) at the root of what influences how we see things today.
the fact that my communicating my queerness or my anger at the injustices of the world was not met with your elation, saddens my heart. the fact that only through my trauma have i wanted to call out your husbands emotional abuse and manipulation only to be met with your defense or justification of his continuous actions breaks my heart. if i don't feel like the person that wasn't actively traumatizing me throughout my childhood isn't on my side, the one that is supposed to deeply know me, then what blood family is for me?

i have communicated this sentiment of how being in this fucked up world crushes my soul and will to subsist. you offer no justification of how or why life is. not because of, but in spite of what you have taught me, i have found logic and understanding of the world. i haven't even touched on money or how every day that you and your husband don't sit down with me and kyle to apologize for how you messed up raising us is continuously traumatizing and prevents the entire family from healing.
